[♪♪♪]
ANNOUNCER:
This is the story of two sisters:
Jessica Tate and Mary Campbell.
Jessica lives in a neighbourhood
known as rich.
Jessica likes life.
The only thing about life
she would change, if she could,
is that she would set it all
to music.
The Tates have more secrets
than they do money.
We're approaching
Mary Campbell's house.
Mary, too, likes life.
Unfortunately, life doesn't seem
to be too crazy about her.
As you can see, the Campbells
don't have nearly as much money
as the Tates.
They do, however,
have as many secrets.
[♪♪♪]
ANNOUNCER:
In last week's episode of Soap,
Jessica apologised to Corinne
for having an affair with Peter.
But Corinne refused
to forgive her mother
and moved out of the house
and in with Peter,
leaving Jessica sad
and Chester mad.
Burt received a telegram announcing
the arrival of his other son, Chuck,
and Chuck's little wooden doll, Bob,
who Chuck believes is real.
The Godfather gave Danny
a key to a cabin in the woods
where a gun is hidden
in the fireplace
and told him he must take Burt there
within two days and kill him
or the mob will kill Danny.
Confused?
You won't be
after this week's episode of Soap.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Well, he's your father, Jessica.
Where is he?
Well, Chester,
I... I... I don't...
Benson. Benson.
Benson, where is he?
Wonderful.
Just wonderful.
I kill myself in the kitchen
all day and then nobody eats.
Benson.
Look at this.
Not one plate touched.
Well, let's not waste
all this good food.
Let's invite the Campbells over.
They can throw it around.
Benson, one of the reasons
we're not eating is because
we are all worried and upset
about The Major's disappearance.
And The Major would not
have disappeared if you
had been watching him.
It ain't my job to watch him.
The less I see of him, the better.
Benson, when was
the last time you saw him?
I saw him this morning.
He was running around
in that camouflage outfit of his,
terrorising the gardener.
Then he left.
Did he say
where he was going, Benson?
On patrol.
Well, what does that mean?
It means Grandpa's bonkers.
It means, Jessica,
that he's gotten himself
into one hell of a fix again,
that's what it means.
It means, Jessica,
that in the course of 24 hours,
your daughter has left home,
and your father has disappeared.
It means that perhaps
you are letting this household
get the better of you.
Oh, it's not her fault.
She's not responsible for the...
Benson.
You are sitting at the table.
Good, Mr. Tate.
And this is standing.
And this is leaving.
Jessica, do you remember
the last time your father
disappeared?
Do you remember how
he took the 8:12 commuter train
into Manhattan
and attacked
the German consulate?
It caused
an international incident,
Jessica.
I had to apologise
to two governments.
And remember on December 7th,
when he captured the entire staff
of Benihana's of Tokyo?
[LAUGHING]
It cost me a fortune
to keep him out of the
banana hatch that time, Jessica.
At ease, men.
JESSICA: Oh, Daddy.
There he is, Chester.
Where the devil have you been?
Easy, colonel.
I think your anger will be
assuaged when you see
what I have brought you.
There he is.
One of the Nazi's
top spies.
God, it's Mr. Kirby.
Oh, dear.
Are you crazy?
This is Mr. Kirby,
our neighbour.
Don't let him fool you.
He's a master of disguise.
Mr. Kirby, I am...
I'm so sorry.
Tate...
How about a nice glass
of iced tea, Mr. Kirby?
I have had it, Tate.
No, not a word.
Don't say a word. There is
nothing you can say to me, Tate.
There is nothing
you can say to a man
who has spent an
entire afternoon locked
in the trunk of his car.
Oh. What man
was locked in the
trunk of his car?
It isn't... It isn't enough
that I occasionally
get shot at.
No, today... Today
I get into my car, and
halfway down the street
a gun was placed
at the back of my head.
I hid in the back seat.
Some cold lemonade?
I was then ord...
I was then ordered
to drive out
to the city dump where...
Where he proceeded
to grill me for hours
about troop movements
on the Heifetz River.
Yes, heh.
KIRBY:
I showed him my licence,
My credit cards even,
to prove I was an American.
I kept yelling out
of the trunk of the car,
"Corn Flakes,
McDonald's,
Reggie Jackson,
toilet paper."
I sang the
"Star-Spangled Banner,"
but he wouldn't believe me.
Of course I didn't believe you.
He couldn't tell me
who played third base
for the Yankees in 1931.
Tell him, colonel.
He doesn't know, you idiot.
KIRBY:
So that's it, Tate.
I'm going on record
right now, I swear,
if I ever catch that lunatic
near me again,
I'll have him put away.
JESSICA: A diet soda?
KIRBY: No.
Will you try and understand?
One more incident and
they are going to lock you up
and put you away.
Yes, colonel.
But once I'm on the inside,
I'll find out all their secrets,
tunnel out,
and lead our boys
to safety.
Good thinking, colonel.
It's thinking like that
that's going to make you
a general
before this war is over.
[♪♪♪]
Hey, hey.
You. Yeah. Yeah, you.
What is this,
some national holiday
I didn't hear about?
I ought to start paying
you guys by the piece.
Maybe I'll get
a little action
around here.
Terrific. I ask
the union for some
high steel-workers.
They send me
steel workers
who are high.
Oh, you hippies.
Burt.
Danny? Danny!
Danny. Danny.
Danny,
what a surprise.
Hey, good to see you, fella.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Hard to find words,
isn't it, huh?
Is that's some view,
huh? Look over there.
Central Park.
Over there,
the World Trade Center.
Down there, Fifth Avenue
from 42 storeys up. Huh?
See all those little ants
down there?
Those are buses.
Heh, heh, heh.
Burt.
BURT:
What?
Burt, listen.
This friend of mine
has a cabin
up in the Poconos...
Hey. You don't leave
that riveting gun there,
you jerk.
What are you
trying to do?
Kill somebody?
Last time somebody left
something like that
laying around, it fell.
Knocked a hole
in a guy's head the size of
the Grand Canyon.
Of course, the size
of the hole in his head
was relatively unimportant
since he went
crashing down
700 feet anyway.
You should've seen the thing.
What a mess.
I mean, picture a watermelon...
Oh, Burt.
Sorry, Danny.
Go ahead, what is it?
Burt, look.
This friend of mine
has a cabin
up in the Poconos.
I was wondering, maybe, uh...
Maybe you'd like to go
up there fishing with me
tomorrow, huh?
Hey, Danny. Danny. Danny.
Oh, Burt.
Danny, you climbed
all the way up here to
ask me to go fishing with you?
Oh, Danny.
Danny, Danny,
you make me so happy.
Am I happy.
Great.
But I can't go.
What?
Hey, you with the ponytail.
Watch it,
you're gonna have no hair,
you creep.
I mean, Chuck's
coming tonight
from Hawaii.
I mean, can't we make it Saturday?
No, no, no.
It's gotta be tomorrow.
Well, Danny, I'm sorry.
I mean, I don't know how I...
Look, Burt,
tomorrow's the only day
that my friend will be away.
Danny, I don't know...
Hey. Hey, you, Pocahontas,
over here.
Put down the binoculars.
This is for welding here,
not peeping.
Burt, listen.
You and me are going
fishing tomorrow
together, huh?
In the Poconos,
you and me, fishing
together, tomorrow.
Got it?
Oh, Danny, I'm being
such an idiot.
For the first time,
my stepson asks me
to do something with him,
and here am I
trying to find reasons
why I can't. Hey.
Danny. Well,
we're going fishing, and
we're going tomorrow, huh?
I mean, after all,
I haven't seen Chuck
in 15 years.
If I don't see him
for one day, it's not
going to kill me, is it?
Hey, hey, you.
What are you, crazy up here?
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
DANNY:
Burt.
For Pete's sake.
DANNY:
Burt.
[♪♪♪]
Eleven, 16, 21, carry the two.
I cannot afford all this, Claire.
You are spending a fortune.
Chester, you didn't
answer my question.
I asked you if
you talked to Jessica.
Well, of course I talked to Jessica.
Every night when I go home,
I talk to Jessica.
What's the matter with you, Claire?
Do I talk to Jessica?
[CHUCKLING]
Did you tell Jessica
that you're leaving her,
Chester?
What is this?
Two thousand dollars
for wallpaper for your apartment?
Yes, Chester.
What are you papering the walls in?
Currency?
You know, Chester,
there is a solution to all this.
If you leave Jessica
and move in with me,
I'll be happier.
And when I'm happier,
I don't spend as much money.
I'm sorry, Claire,
you'll just have to wait.
Wait?
That's right, wait.
Remember 10 years ago, Chester?
Remember when you said
you couldn't leave
because little Billy
had a perception problem,
and if you left then,
then he might write backwards
for the rest of his life.
So I waited.
And then that cleared up,
and Billy could read
but suddenly Eunice wouldn't
get out of her bathrobe
or leave her room
and you couldn't leave then.
So I waited.
And then,
as soon as Eunice got dressed,
Corinne stopped eating
and had to be hospitalised
and you couldn't leave
until she was keeping solids down.
And so I waited.
Well, now Billy reads,
Eunice gets dressed,
Corinne eats,
and I'm still waiting.
Well, that's it for waiting,
Chester.
You are going to leave Jessica now.
You are going to go home
and tell her that you're leaving,
and if you don't, Chester, I will.
[CHUCKLING]
Fine. Go.
I'll do it, Chester. I swear.
Fine. Fine.
Do you need directions to the house?
I know where you live, Chester.
Good.
Well, goodbye, Claire.
Say hello to Jessica for me.
[CHUCKLES]
Go to my house and tell Jessica.
Heh, heh.
Never try to bluff a bluffer.
[♪♪♪]
I'm so excited,
I can hardly
contain myself.
After 15 years,
I'm gonna be
with my son.
Another son.
Two sons in two weeks,
that's a son a week.
I don't know.
Oh, Mary, Mary, Mary,
I'm so excited. I haven't taken
a good breath all day.
It's just excitement
because my son is coming.
Either that or a heart attack.
Yes. Oh, and
you guys. You guys
are gonna love him.
I cant wait, Burt.
I mean, I've always wanted to meet
a Hawaiian ventriloquist.
Well, now you will.
One of the best.
He played all the big rooms
on the island.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
That's him. That's him.
Come on, up, he's here.
Get up. There you go.
[SINGING IN NORMAL
AND HIGH-PITCHED VOICES]
Yeah.
Ha-ha.
Chuck? Chuck.
CHUCK:
Hey, Dad.
BURT:
Chuck.
Did you see that?
Did you see it?
Isn't he great?
Chuck, I'd like you
to meet my wife, Mary.
And her two boys,
Danny and Jodie.
Hi.
[IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
Okay, I don't need
this. I'm leaving.
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Well, he didn't see you.
I love that.
I didn't fly 6000 miles
to be stiffed.
Isn't that cute? Cute.
I really don't need
this aggravation from
the lower-middle class.
Hey.
Dad, could you say hi
to him? I think
his feelings are hurt.
Well, sure.
Hey, Bob.
Nice to see you again.
Did you ever see
anything like that?
Now apologise.
Apologise?
Well, for ignoring him.
I am sorry. I
am really...
Hey, Bob. Come on,
Bob. I'm sorry for
ignoring you like that.
It's just that I was
so happy to see
Chuck here, you know?
Uh, would you like a drink?
Uh, no. Thanks.
Okay, then
I'll have one.
Did anyone else notice
I wasn't introduced to
the rest of the family?
What is it?
My skin's different?
I'm not good enough?
Oh, of course you are.
Hi, Bob.
I'm Mary.
Hi, Mary.
And this is Danny.
How are you?
Hi, Dan.
And that's Jodie.
BOB:
Hello, Jodie.
Hi.
And you get
uncomfortable around
homosexuals, huh?
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
Have an hors d'oeuvre.
I don't eat meat.
Yuck.
I'm gonna
love it here.
You know, this is
terrific. How do you
make it work?
Get away from me!
Get away...
Take it easy. Take it easy.
Take it easy?
Well, did he look under
your clothes, huh?
Can I look under her skirt?
Bob's a little upset.
He hates to travel.
Drop dead.
Got a little plane sick.
What did he do?
Throw up sawdust?
[LAUGHING]
Oh, fine. Now
the sissy's starting in.
Hey, my brother
is not a sissy.
He's a...
BOB:
Ahh!
Bob. Bob.
Bob, are you okay?
BOB:
Danny hurt me.
What is it, Bob?
BOB:
My head is stuck.
[GRUNTING]
It's stuck.
BOB:
I know that. Help me!
All right, all right.
I'm gonna do it.
It's moving.
BOB:
Not that way.
Hey, is he okay?
He's fine.
Knock on wood.
[LAUGHING]
Up your kazoo, butterfly.
Hey...
Listen, uh,
would you like
to freshen up
a little bit
before dinner?
Yeah,
I'd like that.
Oh, well, good.
You can just go right
upstairs and I'll bring up
your stuff in a minute or so.
You can take a shower.
All Bob needs
is a little
Lemon Pledge.
I love Anita Bryant.
I love your family.
Oh, this is great.
Your father just
laughs and stutters,
the dame just sits,
one guy's a fruit and
the other guy's got an
IQ slightly higher than kelp.
Oh, it's great.
Well, they had a long trip.
I'm sure after
they get washed up
and rested,
why, Bob will be
in a much better mood.
Burt.
He's a dummy.
BOB:
I heard that!
[MUTTERS]
[♪♪♪]
Believe me, Mrs. Tate,
I didn't want to be the one
to have to tell you this,
but Chester just hasn't
given me any choice.
I'm sorry.
[DOOR THUDS]
Well, well, well,
look who's here.
Glad to see you,
Mr. Tate.
Nice to have you
home early. Let me
take that from you.
All right, Benson,
you're being too nice.
What's going on?
It's a surprise.
Let me fix you a drink.
Benson, how many times
do I have to tell you
I am on a diet?
I don't want a drink.
You're gonna want this one.
I said, no.
Where is Mrs. Tate?
In the dining room.
Why don't you pop in
and say hello?
[MUTTERING]
Hello, Chester.
I was just leaving.
Well, nice seeing you,
Mrs. Tate.
I'm sorry it couldn't
have been under more
pleasant circumstances.
Jessica...
Chester, I...
I know, horrified.
I... I...
Speechless.
I'm speechless,
Chester, and anguished.
I know, I know.
I'm, uh, anguished
and speechless.
I wish there were
something I could say.
Well, there's nothing to say, Chester.
Oh, well, of course.
I mean, of course words
can't express the, uh...
The sorrow.
The tragedy.
Tragedy?
Well, maybe tragedy.
Okay, I guess tragedy.
And horror.
Oh, horror, yes.
The horror...
I'm sorry, Jess. I'm...
From the bottom of my heart,
I'm sorry you had to hear.
Please, don't apologise, Chester.
Oh, well, I know it's just words...
You must promise me
one thing, Chester.
I'll get rid of her, Jess.
You must promise me
not to fire her.
Absol...
What?
Well, Chester,
I mean that girl is sick.
She is so far gone already
that something like that
might just push her
right over the edge.
Yes, I... I see
what you mean. Yes.
JESSICA:
Oh, poor, sad girl.
I mean, Chester,
to be so much
in love with you
that she's convinced
herself that you feel
the same way.
And, Chester, that's not all.
I mean, to believe...
And believe me,
Chester, I mean, she
really does believe it,
that you're actually
having an affair
with her.
The mind, Jess.
The tricks the mind plays.
Poor thing.
Yes.
Well, Chester,
you know, under
the circumstances,
I mean, it's not
really her fault.
I mean, what woman
in the world wouldn't fall
in love with you, Chester?
Oh, I don't know.
Now, I'm going to
go upstairs and
draw a nice, hot bath.
So you can have
a good, long, relaxing
soak before dinner.
Okay?
Benson, why are you
standing there
with that martini?
I told you I was on the diet.
Mr. Tate, I have seen
dumb luck in my time.
I have seen a guy fill an inside
straight flush to beat four aces.
I have seen a guy hit
the daily double
for two solid weeks.
Straight.
But I have never, at no time,
seen nothing like this.
[♪♪♪]
BURT:
Danny, you should've seen
the look on your face.
Well, I thought it was a snake.
A snake with leaves?
Hey, you know, Danny,
I'm so happy.
Yeah. Me too.
I mean, to have a real buddy.
I mean... You know,
I've always been
kind of a loner.
I don't have a lot of friends,
so to have a buddy who
lives in the same house...
And now Peter's here.
And Chuck and Bob
are here.
Well, I guess it's not fair
to count Bob.
He's a... you know,
one of those.
Hey, what are you doing?
Don't clean.
I got to.
This place
is a mess.
Yeah, leave it, leave it.
Your mother's not here,
we can feel free to be slobs.
Oh, your mother.
Oh, is she happy.
Did you see her face
when we left this morning?
There with those
great, big, glistening eyes
and that little smile of hers.
You know, the one
when she doesn't
open her lips.
That's her most very,
very, very pleased smile.
The big smile is
her moderately pleased smile.
That little smile,
where she doesn't
smile at all,
that is, oddly enough, her most
happy smile. And that was the smile
she was smiling this morning.
Danny, what are you doing?
Let's get out on the lake.
I gotta get this stuff out of the way.
Why?
Well, uh...
Well, how are we gonna cook fish
if we can't get to the fireplace?
On the stove.
Burt, fish you buy in the store,
you cook on a stove.
Fish you catch,
you cook in a fireplace.
There's nothing here.
Yeah. Well, I mean, ashes,
but, Danny, that' s normal
for a fireplace.
Funny guy.
Funny guy. Come on, Dan.
Let's get out on the lake,
see how they're hitting.
Tonight we get a fish fry for...
Uh, Danny?
Uh, Danny, where are you, Danny?
DANNY:
I'm... I'm up here.
Danny, uh,
what are you doing
up the chimney?
Cleaning out the flue.
Cleaning out the flue?
Funny guy.
Walks into a cabin,
goes right up the chimney,
cleans out a flue.
Eh, that could be
a safety precaution.
I don't know.
[THUD]
DANNY: Hey, don't touch that.
BURT: What is it?
DANNY: Nothing. Just leave it alone.
It just fell down the chimney.
I know it fell.
Yeah, what's in it?
Nothing. I need it,
though. Give it to me,
Burt.
I found it.
All right. All right, all right.
From the looks of this place,
it's probably garbage.
Funny, you think
you know somebody.
At home, your room's
a mess, you throw food
all over the kitchen.
We go away for the
weekend, you turn out
to be Louis Pasteur.
Hey, Danny,
you're full of surprises.
Uh, Danny, that's a gun.
Put it down,
that's dangerous.
Uh, Danny,
what are you doing?
You're pointing a gun at me.
I'm gonna kill you, Burt.
Pfft. Heh-heh.
That's funny. Oh.
[♪♪♪]
ANNOUNCER:
Will Claire come up with a new plan
to force Chester into leaving Jessica?
Will Chester leave Jessica?
If he does, will Jessica know it?
Will The Major continue fighting
World War II single-handedly?
Will Bob, the wooden doll,
relax and enjoy his stay
with the Campbells,
or will he continue to act warped?
Now that Danny
has the gun in his hand,
will he pull the trigger
and kill Burt?
And if he does, will Burt
finally stop laughing
and take him seriously?
These questions and others
will be answered
on next week's episode of Soap.
[♪♪♪]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org